README.md, before:

# Jquery-Salary-Calculator

[Project Instructions](./INSTRUCTIONS.md), this line may be removed once you have updated the README.md

## Description

Duration: 2 Week Sprint

I wanted to create a field of employees, that you could enter into the input fields.
So I created an open var and array to push that employee data into.
Then I wanted to display the employee input data.
So I created a table with rows and columns to store all data in an organized fashion.
Then we add employee annual salary together dividing by 12 to then access the value of monthly total.
To wrap things up, we gave the ability to delete each employee.
Along with their monthly income.

### To see the fully functional site please visit:

file:///Users/trevorsansalone/prime/prework/jquery-salary-calculator-master/index.html

Your project description goes here. What problem did you solve? How did you solve it?

Additional README details can be found [here](https://github.com/PrimeAcademy/readme-template/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

adding Usage instructions and built with details

README.md, after:

# Jquery-Salary-Calculator

[Project Instructions](./INSTRUCTIONS.md), this line may be removed once you have updated the README.md

## Description

Duration: 2 Week Sprint

I wanted to create a field of employees, that you could enter into the input fields.
So I created an open var and array to push that employee data into.
Then I wanted to display the employee input data.
So I created a table with rows and columns to store all data in an organized fashion.
Then we add employee annual salary together dividing by 12 to then access the value of monthly total.
To wrap things up, we gave the ability to delete each employee.
Along with their monthly income.

### To see the fully functional site please visit:

file:///Users/trevorsansalone/prime/prework/jquery-salary-calculator-master/index.html

### Usage

This is an order of operation for my list.

1. Enter employee Details here; First Name, Last Name, IdNumber, Job title, Salary.
2. Click the submit button.
3. The employee Data should now be on the list below.
4. Following with a delete button for each employee.
5. As each employee's data is input you get the value of their monthly wages.
6. Then you can delete those employees by clicking the Delete button.

### Built With

- Javascript
- JQuery
- WireFramework
- HTML
- CSS

Your project description goes here. What problem did you solve? How did you solve it?

Additional README details can be found [here](https://github.com/PrimeAcademy/readme-template/blob/master/README.md).
